I grew up in a wonderful, close-knit small city called Northampton, Massachusetts. After attending local public schools from elementary and middle school, I attended high school at [The Williston Northampton School](https://www.williston.com) in the nearby town of Easthampton, MA. Williston is a small, private, boarding school that I attended as a day student. Williston showed me how much I value learning in small communities, which prompted me to narrow my college search to smaller liberal arts colleges, ultimately leading me to [Williams College](http://williams.edu). 

At Williams, I majored in Polticial Science. I spent my junior year studying abroad through the [Williams-Exter Programme at Oxford University](https://exeter.williams.edu), which was my first time outside of the United States or Canada (and my first time flying on an airplane!), where I took classes in politics, philosophy, and other topics. After undergrad, I moved to Middlebury, Vermont. While living in Middlebury, I worked for an EdTech startup and a green energy company and also began freelancing as an editor and educational consultant. My time in Middlebury concluded when I decided to start at Hack Reactor and moved to Austin, TX. I lived in Austin for approximately six months before moving to the Bay Area to start at LinkedIn in December 2019.

Currently, I live in the South Bay with my partner and our two cats, Nori and Kimchi. Outside of work, I enjoy pursuing hobby projects like this, cooking and baking, trying restaurants, building mechanical keyboards, playing video and tabletop games, reading, and spending time outside. 